<div class="refentry"><a id="glBindRenderbuffer"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glBindRenderbuffer — bind a named renderbuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glBindRenderbuffer</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">renderbuffer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target to which the renderbuffer object is bound.
                    The symbolic constant must be
                    <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the name of a renderbuffer object.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            A renderbuffer is a data storage object containing a single
            image of a renderable internal format.  A renderbuffer's image
            may be attached to a framebuffer object to use as a destination
            for rendering and as a source for reading.
        </p><p>
            <code class="function">glBindRenderbuffer</code> lets you create or use a named renderbuffer object. Calling <code class="function">glBindRenderbuffer</code> with
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> set to <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>
            and <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> set to the name
            of the new renderbuffer object binds the renderbuffer object name.
            When a renderbuffer object is bound, the previous binding
            is automatically broken.
        </p><p>
            Renderbuffer object names are unsigned integers. The value zero is reserved, but there is no default renderbuffer object.
            Instead, <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> set to zero effectively unbinds any renderbuffer object previously bound.
            Renderbuffer object names and the corresponding renderbuffer object contents are local to
            the shared object space of the current GL rendering context.
        </p><p>
            You may use <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenRenderbuffers</span></span></a> to generate a set of new renderbuffer object names.
        </p><p>
            The state of a renderbuffer object immediately after it is first bound is
            a zero-sized memory buffer with format <code class="constant">GL_RGBA4</code> and
            zero-sized red, green, blue, alpha, depth, and stencil pixel depths.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero renderbuffer object name is bound, GL operations on
            target <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code> affect the bound renderbuffer
            object, and queries of target <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>
            return state from the bound renderbuffer object. While renderbuffer object
            name zero is bound, as in the initial state, attempts to modify or query
            state on target <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code> generates an
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> error.
        </p><p>
            A renderbuffer object binding created with <code class="function">glBindRenderbuffer</code> remains active until a different
            renderbuffer object name is bound, or until the bound renderbuffer object is
            deleted with <a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteRenderbuffers</span></span></a>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a> with argument <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetRenderbufferParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetRenderbufferParameteriv</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glIsRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glRenderbufferStorage"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glRenderbufferStorage</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2008 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
