<div class="refentry"><a id="glBindFramebuffer"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glBindFramebuffer — bind a named framebuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glBindFramebuffer</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">framebuffer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target to which the framebuffer object is bound.
                    The symbolic constant must be
                    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>framebuffer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the name of a framebuffer object.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glBindFramebuffer</code> lets you create or use a named framebuffer object. Calling <code class="function">glBindFramebuffer</code> with
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> set to <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>
            and <em class="parameter"><code>framebuffer</code></em> set to the name
            of the new framebuffer object binds the framebuffer object name.
            When a framebuffer object is bound, the previous binding
            is automatically broken.
        </p><p>
            Framebuffer object names are unsigned integers. The value zero is reserved to represent the default framebuffer
            provided by the windowing system. Framebuffer object names and the corresponding framebuffer object contents are local to
            the shared object space of the current GL rendering context.
        </p><p>
            You may use <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenFramebuffers</span></span></a> to generate a set of new framebuffer object names.
        </p><p>
            The state of a framebuffer object immediately after it is first bound is
            three attachment points (<code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT</code>, and
            <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>) each with
            <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> as the object type.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero framebuffer object name is bound, GL operations on
            target <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code> affect the bound framebuffer
            object, and queries of target <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code> or of
            framebuffer details such as <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_BITS</code>
            return state from the bound framebuffer object. While framebuffer object
            name zero is bound, as in the initial state, attempts to modify or query
            state on target <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code> generates an
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> error.
        </p><p>
            While a non-zero framebuffer object name is bound, all rendering to the
            framebuffer (with <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawArrays"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawArrays</span></span></a>
            and <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElements"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElements</span></span></a>)
            and reading from the framebuffer (with
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glReadPixels"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glReadPixels</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glCopyTexImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCopyTexImage2D</span></span></a>,
            or <a class="citerefentry" href="glCopyTexSubImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCopyTexSubImage2D</span></span></a>)
            use the images attached to the application-created framebuffer object rather than the default
            window-system-provided framebuffer.
        </p><p>
            Application created framebuffer objects (i.e. those with a non-zero name)
            differ from the default window-system-provided framebuffer in a few
            important ways. First, they have modifiable attachment points for
            a color buffer, a depth buffer, and a stencil buffer to which framebuffer
            attachable images may be attached and detached. Second, the size and format of the
            attached images are controlled entirely within the GL and are not
            affected by window-system events, such as pixel format selection,
            window resizes, and display mode changes. Third, when rendering to or
            reading from an application created framebuffer object, the pixel
            ownership test always succeeds (i.e. they own all their pixels). Fourth,
            there are no visible color buffer bitplanes, only a single "off-screen"
            color image attachment, so there is no sense of front and back buffers
            or swapping. Finally, there is no multisample buffer, so the value of
            the implementation-dependent state variables
            <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code> and <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLE_BUFFERS</code>
            are both zero for application created framebuffer objects.
        </p><p>
            A framebuffer object binding created with <code class="function">glBindFramebuffer</code> remains active until a different
            framebuffer object name is bound, or until the bound framebuffer object is
            deleted with <a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteFramebuffers</span></span></a>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            Queries of implementation-dependent pixel depths and related state are
            derived from the currently bound framebuffer object.  These include
            <code class="constant">GL_RED_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_GREEN_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_BLUE_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_ALPHA_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMPLEMENTATION_COLOR_READ_FORMAT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code>, and <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLE_BUFFERS</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a> with argument <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_BINDING</code>
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glIsFramebuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsFramebuffer</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2008 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
