<div class="refentry"><a id="glBufferData"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glBufferData — create and initialize a buffer object's data store</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glBufferData</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizeiptr <var class="pdparam">size</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLvoid * <var class="pdparam">data</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">usage</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target buffer object.
                    The symbolic constant must be <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code> or
                    <code class="constant">GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>size</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the size in bytes of the buffer object's new data store.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies a pointer to data that will be copied into the data store for initialization,
                    or <code class="constant">NULL</code> if no data is to be copied.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>usage</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the expected usage pattern of the data store. The symbolic constant must be
                    <code class="constant">GL_STREAM_DRAW</code>, <code class="constant">GL_STATIC_DRAW</code>, or
                    <code class="constant">GL_DYNAMIC_DRAW</code>.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glBufferData</code> creates a new data store for the buffer object currently bound to
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>. Any pre-existing data store is deleted. The new data store is created with the
            specified <em class="parameter"><code>size</code></em> in bytes and <em class="parameter"><code>usage</code></em>. If <em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em>
            is not <code class="constant">NULL</code>, the data store is initialized with data from this pointer.
        </p><p>
            <em class="parameter"><code>usage</code></em> is a hint to the GL implementation as to how a buffer object's data store will be
            accessed. This enables the GL implementation to make more intelligent decisions that may significantly
            impact buffer object performance. It does not, however, constrain the actual usage of the data store.
            <em class="parameter"><code>usage</code></em> can be broken down into two parts: first, the frequency of access (modification
            and usage), and second, the nature of that access. The frequency of access may be one of these:
        </p><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term">STREAM</span></dt><dd><p>
                        The data store contents will be modified once and used at most a few times.
                    </p></dd><dt><span class="term">STATIC</span></dt><dd><p>
                        The data store contents will be modified once and used many times.
                    </p></dd><dt><span class="term">DYNAMIC</span></dt><dd><p>
                        The data store contents will be modified repeatedly and used many times.
                    </p></dd></dl></div><p>
            The nature of access must be:
        </p><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term">DRAW</span></dt><dd><p>
                        The data store contents are modified by the application, and used as the source for GL drawing and
                        image specification commands.
                    </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em> is <code class="constant">NULL</code>, a data store of the specified size is still created,
            but its contents remain uninitialized and thus undefined.
        </p><p>
            Clients must align data elements consistent with the requirements of the client
            platform, with an additional base-level requirement that an offset within a buffer to
            a datum comprising <math overflow="scroll"><mi mathvariant="italic">N</mi></math> bytes be a
            multiple of <math overflow="scroll"><mi mathvariant="italic">N</mi></math>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not
            <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code> or <code class="constant">GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>usage</code></em> is not
            <code class="constant">GL_STREAM_DRAW</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_STATIC_DRAW</code>, or
            <code class="constant">GL_DYNAMIC_DRAW</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>size</code></em> is negative.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if the reserved buffer object name 0 is bound to <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_OUT_OF_MEMORY</code> is generated if the GL is unable to create a data store with the specified <em class="parameter"><code>size</code></em>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetBufferParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetBufferParameteriv</span></span></a> with argument <code class="constant">GL_BUFFER_SIZE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_BUFFER_USAGE</code>
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glBindBuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindBuffer</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glBufferSubData"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBufferSubData</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2005 Addison-Wesley.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
