<div class="refentry"><a id="glCompressedTexImage2D"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glCompressedTexImage2D — specify a two-dimensional texture image in a compressed format</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glCompressedTexImage2D</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLint <var class="pdparam">level</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">internalformat</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">width</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">height</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLint <var class="pdparam">border</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">imageSize</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLvoid * <var class="pdparam">data</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target texture of the active texture unit.
                    Must be <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_X</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Y</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Y</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Z</code>, or
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Z</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the level-of-detail number.
                    Level 0 is the base image level.
                    Level <span class="emphasis"><em>n</em></span> is the <span class="emphasis"><em>n</em></span>th mipmap reduction image.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the format of the compressed image data stored at address <em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>width</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the width of the texture image.
                    All
                    implementations support 2D texture images that are at least 64 texels
                    wide and cube-mapped texture images that are at least 16 texels wide.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>height</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the height of the texture image.
                    All
                    implementations support 2D texture images that are at least 64 texels
                    high and cube-mapped texture images that are at least 16 texels high.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>border</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the width of the border.
                    Must be 0.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>imageSize</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the number of unsigned bytes of image data starting at the
                    address specified by <em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies a pointer to the compressed image data in memory.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            Texturing maps a portion of a specified texture image
            onto each graphical primitive for which texturing is
            active.  Texturing is active when the current fragment shader or
            vertex shader makes use of built-in texture lookup
            functions.
        </p><p>
            <code class="function">glCompressedTexImage2D</code> defines a two-dimensional texture image
            or cube-map texture image using compressed image data from client memory.  The texture
            image is decoded according to the extension specification defining the specified
            <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em>.  OpenGL ES defines no specific compressed
            texture formats, but does provide a mechanism to obtain symbolic constants for such
            formats provided by extensions.  The number of compressed texture formats supported
            can be obtained by querying the value of
            <code class="constant">GL_NUM_COMPRESSED_TEXTURE_FORMATS</code>.  The list of specific
            compressed texture formats supported can be obtained by querying the value of
            <code class="constant">GL_COMPRESSED_TEXTURE_FORMATS</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            A GL implementation may choose to store the texture
            array at any internal resolution it chooses.
        </p><p>
            <code class="function">glCompressedTexImage2D</code>
            specifies a two-dimensional or cube-map texture for the current texture unit,
            specified with <a class="citerefentry" href="glActiveTexture"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glActiveTexture</span></span></a>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_X</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Y</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Y</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Z</code>, or
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Z</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
            <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is not a supported format returned in
            <code class="constant">GL_COMPRESSED_TEXTURE_FORMATS</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em> is less than 0.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> may be generated if <em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em> is greater
            than
            <math overflow="scroll">

                <mrow>
                    <msub><mi mathvariant="italic">log</mi>
                    <mn>2</mn>
                    </msub>
                    <mo>⁢</mo>
                    <mi mathvariant="italic">max</mi>
                </mrow>
            </math>,
            where
            <math overflow="scroll"><mi mathvariant="italic">max</mi></math>
            is the returned value of <code class="constant">GL_MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE</code> when <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>
            is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code> or <code class="constant">GL_MAX_CUBE_MAP_TEXTURE_SIZE</code> when
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>width</code></em> or <em class="parameter"><code>height</code></em> is less than 0
            or greater than <code class="constant">GL_MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE</code> when <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>
            is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code> or <code class="constant">GL_MAX_CUBE_MAP_TEXTURE_SIZE</code> when
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>border</code></em> is not 0.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>imageSize</code></em> is not consistent with
            the format, dimensions, and contents of the specified compressed image
            data.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if parameter combinations are not
            supported by the specific compressed internal format as specified in the
            specific texture compression extension.
        </p><p>
            Undefined results, including abnormal program termination, are generated if
            <em class="parameter"><code>data</code></em> is not encoded in a manner consistent with the extension
            specification defining the internal compression format.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a> with arguments
            <code class="constant">GL_NUM_COMPRESSED_TEXTURE_FORMATS</code> and
            <code class="constant">GL_COMPRESSED_TEXTURE_FORMATS</code>
        </p><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
            with argument <code class="constant">GL_MAX_TEXTURE_SIZE</code> or
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_CUBE_MAP_TEXTURE_SIZE</code>
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glActiveTexture"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glActiveTexture</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glCompressedTexSubImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompressedTexSubImage2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glCopyTexImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCopyTexImage2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glCopyTexSubImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCopyTexSubImage2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexSubImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexSubImage2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexParameter"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexParameter</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 1991-2006
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
