<div class="refentry"><a id="glFramebufferTexture2D"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glFramebufferTexture2D — attach a texture image to a framebuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glFramebufferTexture2D</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">attachment</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">textarget</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">texture</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLint <var class="pdparam">level</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the framebuffer target. The symbolic constant must be
		    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the attachment point to which an image from
		    <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> should be attached. Must be one of the
		    following symbolic constants:
		    <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT</code>, or
		    <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>textarget</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the texture target. Must be one of the
		    following symbolic constants:
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_X</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Y</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Y</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_Z</code>, or
		    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_NEGATIVE_Z</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the texture object whose image is to be attached.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the mipmap level of the texture image to be attached,
		    which must be 0.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glFramebufferTexture2D</code> attaches the
	texture image specified by <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> and
	<em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em> as
	one of the logical buffers of the currently bound framebuffer object.
	<em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> specifies whether the texture image
	should be attached to the framebuffer object's color, depth, or
	stencil buffer. A texture image may not be attached to the default
	framebuffer object name 0.</p><p>If <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is not 0, the value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> for the
	specified attachment point is set to <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE</code>,
	the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>
	is set to <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em>, and the value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LEVEL</code> is set to
	<em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em>. If <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is a cube map
	texture, the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_FACE</code>
	is set to <em class="parameter"><code>textarget</code></em>; otherwise it is set to the default value
	<code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>. Any previous attachment to the
	<em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> logical buffer of the currently bound framebuffer
	object is broken.</p><p>If <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is 0, the current image, if any, attached to
	the <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> logical buffer of the currently bound
	framebuffer object is detached. The value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is set to
	<code class="constant">GL_NONE</code>. The value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code> is set to 0.
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LEVEL</code> and
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_FACE</code> are
	set to the default values 0 and <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
	respectively.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            Special precautions need to be taken to avoid attaching a texture image to the
            currently bound framebuffer while the texture object is currently bound and
            potentially sampled by the current vertex or fragment shader. Doing so could lead to
            the creation of a "feedback loop" between the writing of pixels by rendering operations
            and the simultaneous reading of those same pixels when used as texels in the
            currently bound texture. In this scenario, the framebuffer will be considered
            framebuffer complete, but the values of fragments rendered while in this state will
            be undefined. The values of texture samples may be undefined as well.
        </p><p>
            If a texture object is deleted while its image is attached to the currently
            bound framebuffer, then it is as if <code class="function">glFramebufferTexture2D</code>
            had been called with a <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> of 0 for the attachment
            point to which this image was attached in the currently bound framebuffer object.
            In other words, the texture image is detached from the currently bound
            framebuffer. Note that the texture image is specifically <span class="emphasis"><em>not</em></span>
            detached from any non-bound framebuffers. Detaching the image from any non-bound
            framebuffers is the responsibility of the application.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>textarget</code></em> is not an accepted texture target and
	<em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is not 0.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> is not an accepted attachment point.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>level</code></em> is not 0 and
	<em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is not 0.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	the default framebuffer object name 0 is bound.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is neither 0 nor the name of an existing
	texture object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is the name of an existing two-dimensional
	texture object but <em class="parameter"><code>textarget</code></em> is not
	<code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code> or if <em class="parameter"><code>texture</code></em> is
	the name of an existing cube map texture object but <em class="parameter"><code>textarget</code></em>
	is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</span></span></a></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glBindFramebuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindFramebuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBindTexture"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindTexture</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCheckFramebufferStatus"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCheckFramebufferStatus</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteTextures"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteTextures</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGenerateMipmap"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenerateMipmap</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glTexImage2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2008 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
