<div class="refentry"><a id="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glFramebufferRenderbuffer — attach a renderbuffer object to a framebuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">attachment</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">renderbuffertarget</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">renderbuffer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the framebuffer target. The symbolic constant must be
		    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the attachment point to which
		    <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> should be attached. Must be one of the
		    following symbolic constants:
		    <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT0</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT</code>, or
		    <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the renderbuffer target. The symbolic constant must be
		    <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the renderbuffer object that is to be attached.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</code> attaches the
	renderbuffer specified by <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> as
	one of the logical buffers of the currently bound framebuffer object.
	<em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> specifies whether the renderbuffer
	should be attached to the framebuffer object's color, depth, or
	stencil buffer. A renderbuffer may not be attached to the default
	framebuffer object name 0.</p><p>If <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is not 0, the value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> for the
	specified attachment point is set to <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>
	and the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>
	is set to <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em>.
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LEVEL</code> and
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_FACE</code> are
	set to the default values 0 and <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
	respectively. Any previous attachment to the <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em>
	logical buffer of the currently bound framebuffer object is broken.</p><p>If <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is 0, the current image, if any, attached to
	the <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> logical buffer of the currently bound
	framebuffer object is detached. The value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is set to
	<code class="constant">GL_NONE</code>. The value of
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code> is set to 0.
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LEVEL</code> and
	<code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_FACE</code> are
	set to the default values 0 and <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_POSITIVE_X</code>,
	respectively.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            If a renderbuffer object is deleted while its image is attached to the currently
            bound framebuffer, then it is as if <code class="function">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</code>
            had been called with a <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> of 0 for the attachment
            point to which this image was attached in the currently bound framebuffer object.
            In other words, the renderbuffer image is detached from the currently bound
            framebuffer. Note that the renderbuffer image is specifically <span class="emphasis"><em>not</em></span>
            detached from any non-bound framebuffers. Detaching the image from any non-bound
            framebuffers is the responsibility of the application.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code> and
	<em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is not 0.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> is not an accepted attachment point.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	the default framebuffer object name 0 is bound.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is neither 0 nor the name of an existing
	renderbuffer object.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</span></span></a></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glBindFramebuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindFramebuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBindRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCheckFramebufferStatus"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCheckFramebufferStatus</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteFramebuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture2D"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture2D</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glRenderbufferStorage"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glRenderbufferStorage</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2008 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
