<div class="refentry"><a id="glGetVertexAttrib"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetVertexAttrib — return a generic vertex attribute parameter</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glGetVertexAttribfv</strong>(</code></td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">index</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLfloat *<var class="pdparam">params</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glGetVertexAttribiv</strong>(</code></td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">index</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLint *<var class="pdparam">params</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the generic vertex attribute
		    parameter to be queried.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the symbolic name of the vertex
		    attribute parameter to be queried. Accepted values are
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_ENABLED</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_SIZE</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_STRIDE</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_TYPE</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_NORMALIZED</code>, or
		    <code class="constant">GL_CURRENT_VERTEX_ATTRIB</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Returns the requested data.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetVertexAttrib</code> returns in
	<em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> the value of a generic vertex
	attribute parameter. The generic vertex attribute to be queried
	is specified by <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>, and the parameter
	to be queried is specified by <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em>.</p><p>The accepted parameter names are as follows:</p><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_BUFFER_BINDING</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value, the name of the buffer object currently bound to
                    the binding point corresponding to generic vertex attribute array
                    <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>. If no buffer object is bound,
                    0 is returned. The initial value is 0.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_ENABLED</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value that is non-zero (true) if the vertex
		    attribute array for <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em> is
		    enabled and 0 (false) if it is disabled. The initial
		    value is <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_SIZE</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value, the size of the vertex attribute array
		    for <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>. The size is the
		    number of values for each element of the vertex
		    attribute array, and it will be 1, 2, 3, or 4. The
		    initial value is 4.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_STRIDE</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value, the array stride for (number of bytes
		    between successive elements in) the vertex attribute
		    array for <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>. A value of 0
		    indicates that the array elements are stored
		    sequentially in memory. The initial value is 0.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_TYPE</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value, a symbolic constant indicating the
		    array type for the vertex attribute array for
		    <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>. Possible values are
		    <code class="constant">GL_BYTE</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_UNSIGNED_BYTE</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_SHORT</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_UNSIGNED_SHORT</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_FIXED</code>, and
		    <code class="constant">GL_FLOAT</code>. The initial value is
		    <code class="constant">GL_FLOAT</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_NORMALIZED</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns a
		    single value that is non-zero (true) if fixed-point
		    data types for the vertex attribute array indicated
		    by <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em> are normalized when
		    they are converted to floating point, and 0 (false)
		    otherwise. The initial value is
		    <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><code class="constant">GL_CURRENT_VERTEX_ATTRIB</code></span></dt><dd><p> <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> returns four
		    values that represent the current value for the
		    generic vertex attribute specified by index.
		    The initial value is (0,0,0,1).</p></dd></dl></div><p>All of the parameters except <code class="constant">GL_CURRENT_VERTEX_ATTRIB</code>
	represent client-side state.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>If an error is generated, no change is made to the
	contents of <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is not an accepted value.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em> is greater than or equal to
	<code class="constant">GL_MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIBS</code>.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIBS</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetVertexAttribPointerv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetVertexAttribPointerv</span></span></a>
	with arguments <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em> and
	<code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_POINTER</code></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glBindAttribLocation"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindAttribLocation</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBindBuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindBuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDisableVertexAttribArray"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDisableVertexAttribArray</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glEnableVertexAttribArray"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnableVertexAttribArray</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glVertexAttrib"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glVertexAttrib</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glVertexAttribPointer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glVertexAttribPointer</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
