<div class="refentry"><a id="glRenderbufferStorage"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glRenderbufferStorage — create and initialize a renderbuffer object's data store</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glRenderbufferStorage</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">internalformat</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">width</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">height</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the renderbuffer target.  The symbolic constant must be
		    <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the color-renderable, depth-renderable, or
		    stencil-renderable format of the renderbuffer. Must be one of the
		    following symbolic constants:
		    <code class="constant">GL_RGBA4</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_RGB565</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_RGB5_A1</code>,
		    <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_COMPONENT16</code>, or
		    <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_INDEX8</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>width</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the width of the renderbuffer in pixels.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>height</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the height of the renderbuffer in pixels.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glRenderbufferStorage</code> establishes the data
	storage, format, and dimensions of a renderbuffer object's image. Any
	existing data store for the renderbuffer is deleted and the contents
	of the new data store are undefined.</p><p>An implementation may vary its allocation of internal component
	resolution based on any <code class="function">glRenderbufferStorage</code> parameter
	(except <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>), but the allocation and chosen
	internal format must not be a function of any other state and cannot be
	changed once they are established. The actual resolution in bits of each
	component of the allocated image can be queried with
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetRenderbufferParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetRenderbufferParameteriv</span></span></a>.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is not an accepted format.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>width</code></em> or <em class="parameter"><code>height</code></em> is less than zero
	or greater than <code class="constant">GL_MAX_RENDERBUFFER_SIZE</code>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_OUT_OF_MEMORY</code> is generated if the implementation is
	unable to create a data store with the requested
	<em class="parameter"><code>width</code></em> and <em class="parameter"><code>height</code></em>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if the reserved
	renderbuffer object name 0 is bound.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetRenderbufferParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetRenderbufferParameteriv</span></span></a></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glBindRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGenRenderbuffers"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetRenderbufferParameteriv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetRenderbufferParameteriv</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glIsRenderbuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsRenderbuffer</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2008 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
