<div class="refentry"><a id="glShaderSource"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glShaderSource — replace the source code in a shader object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glShaderSource</strong>(</code></td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">shader</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">count</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLchar * const *<var class="pdparam">string</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLint *<var class="pdparam">length</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the handle of the shader object
		    whose source code is to be replaced.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the number of elements in the
		    <em class="parameter"><code>string</code></em> and
		    <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em>
		    arrays.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>string</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies an array of pointers to strings
		    containing the source code to be loaded into the
		    shader.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies an array of string lengths.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>For implementations that support a shader compiler,
	<code class="function">glShaderSource</code> sets the source code
	in <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> to the source code in the array
	of strings specified by <em class="parameter"><code>string</code></em>. Any
	source code previously stored in the shader object is completely
	replaced. The number of strings in the array is specified by
	<em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em>. If <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em>
	is <code class="constant">NULL</code>, each string is assumed to be null
	terminated. If <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em> is a value other
	than <code class="constant">NULL</code>, it points to an array containing
	a string length for each of the corresponding elements of
	<em class="parameter"><code>string</code></em>. Each element in the
	<em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em> array may contain the length of
	the corresponding string (the null character is not counted as
	part of the string length) or a value less than 0 to indicate
	that the string is null terminated. The source code strings are
	not scanned or parsed at this time; they are simply copied into
	the specified shader object.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>Shader compiler support is optional, and thus must be queried
	before use by calling <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_COMPILER</code>. <code class="function">glShaderSource</code>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCompileShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetShaderPrecisionFormat"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShaderPrecisionFormat</span></span></a>, and
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glReleaseShaderCompiler"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glReleaseShaderCompiler</span></span></a> will
	each generate <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> on implementations
	that do not support a shader compiler. Such implementations instead offer the
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glShaderBinary"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glShaderBinary</span></span></a>
	alternative for supplying a pre-compiled shader binary.</p><p>OpenGL copies the shader source code strings when
	<code class="function">glShaderSource</code> is called, so an application
	may free its copy of the source code strings immediately after
	the function returns.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	a shader compiler is not supported.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a value generated by
	OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a shader object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em> is less than 0.</p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_COMPILER</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetShaderiv"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShaderiv</span></span></a>
	with arguments <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> and
	<code class="constant">GL_SHADER_SOURCE_LENGTH</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetShaderSource"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShaderSource</span></span></a>
	with argument <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsShader</span></span></a></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glCompileShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetShaderPrecisionFormat"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShaderPrecisionFormat</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCreateShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCreateShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteShader</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
