<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glFlush"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glFlush — force execution of GL commands in finite time</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glFlush</b>(</code></td><td>  </td><td><var class="pdparam">void</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            Different GL implementations buffer commands in several different locations,
            including network buffers and the graphics accelerator itself.
            <code class="function">glFlush</code> empties all of these buffers,
            causing all issued commands to be executed as quickly as
            they are accepted by the actual rendering engine.
            Though this execution may not be completed in any particular
            time period,
            it does complete in finite time.
        </p><p>
            Because any GL program might be executed over a network,
            or on an accelerator that buffers commands,
            all programs should call <code class="function">glFlush</code> whenever they count on having
            all of their previously issued commands completed.
            For example,
            call <code class="function">glFlush</code> before waiting for user input that depends on
            the generated image.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glFlush</code> can return at any time.
            It does not wait until the execution of all previously
            issued GL commands is complete.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if <code class="function">glFlush</code>
            is executed between the execution of <a class="citerefentry" href="glBegin"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span></a>
            and the corresponding execution of <a class="citerefentry" href="glEnd"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span></a>.
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFinish"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFinish</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 1991-2006
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
