<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glGetVertexAttribPointerv"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetVertexAttribPointerv — return the address of the specified generic vertex attribute pointer</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glGetVertexAttribPointerv</b>(</code></td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">index</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum  </td><td><var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLvoid ** </td><td><var class="pdparam">pointer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the generic vertex attribute
		    parameter to be returned.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the symbolic name of the generic
		    vertex attribute parameter to be returned. Must be
		    <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_ATTRIB_ARRAY_POINTER</code>.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>pointer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Returns the pointer value.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetVertexAttribPointerv</code> returns
	pointer information. <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em> is the generic
	vertex attribute to be queried, <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is
	a symbolic constant indicating the pointer to be returned, and
	<em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is a pointer to a location in
	which to place the returned data.</p><p>If a non-zero named buffer object was bound to the <code class="constant">GL_ARRAY_BUFFER</code> target
        (see <a class="citerefentry" href="glBindBuffer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindBuffer</span></span></a>) when the desired pointer was previously
        specified, the <em class="parameter"><code>pointer</code></em> returned is a byte offset into the buffer object's data store.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glGetVertexAttribPointerv</code>
	is available only if the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p><p>The pointer returned is client-side state.</p><p>The initial value for each pointer is 0.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code>
	is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em>
	is greater than or equal to <code class="constant">GL_MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIBS</code>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code>
	is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em>
	is not an accepted value.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGet"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_MAX_VERTEX_ATTRIBS</code></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetVertexAttrib"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetVertexAttrib</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glVertexAttribPointer"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glVertexAttribPointer</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
