<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="gluGetString"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>gluGetString — return a string describing the GLU version or GLU extensions </p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">const GLubyte * <b class="fsfunc">gluGetString</b>(</code></td><td>GLenum  </td><td><var class="pdparam">name</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies a symbolic constant, one of
                    <code class="constant">GLU_VERSION</code>, or <code class="constant">GLU_EXTENSIONS</code>.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">gluGetString</code> returns a pointer to a static string describing the
            GLU version or the GLU extensions that are supported.
        </p><p>
            The version number is one of the following
            forms:
        </p><p>
            <span class="emphasis"><em>major_number.minor_number</em></span>
            <span class="emphasis"><em>major_number.minor_number.release_number</em></span>.
        </p><p>
            The version string is of the following form:
        </p><p>
            <span class="emphasis"><em>version number&lt;space&gt;vendor-specific information</em></span>
        </p><p>
            Vendor-specific information is optional.
            Its format and contents depend on the implementation.
        </p><p>
            The standard GLU contains a basic set of features and capabilities.
            If a company or group of companies wish to support other features,
            these may be included as extensions to the GLU.
            If <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em> is
            <code class="constant">GLU_EXTENSIONS</code>, then <code class="function">gluGetString</code>
            returns a space-separated list of names of supported GLU extensions.
            (Extension names never contain spaces.)
        </p><p>
            All strings are null-terminated.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="function">gluGetString</code> only returns information about GLU extensions. Call <code class="function">glGetString</code>
             to get a list of GL extensions.
        </p><p>
            <code class="function">gluGetString</code> is an initialization routine. Calling it after
            a <a class="citerefentry" href="glNewList"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glNewList</span></span></a> results in undefined behavior.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            NULL is returned if <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em> is not
            <code class="constant">GLU_VERSION</code> or <code class="constant">GLU_EXTENSIONS</code>.
        </p><p>
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetString"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetString</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 1991-2006
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
