<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glXGetClientString"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glXGetClientString — return a string describing the client</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">const char * <b class="fsfunc">glXGetClientString</b>(</code></td><td>Display *  </td><td><var class="pdparam">dpy</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>int  </td><td><var class="pdparam">name</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>dpy</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the connection to the X server.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies which string is returned.
                    The symbolic constants <code class="constant">GLX_VENDOR</code>, <code class="constant">GLX_VERSION</code>,
                    and <code class="constant">GLX_EXTENSIONS</code> are accepted.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glXGetClientString</code> returns a string
            describing some aspect of the client library. The possible values for <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em>
            are <code class="constant">GLX_VENDOR</code>, <code class="constant">GLX_VERSION</code>, and
            <code class="constant">GLX_EXTENSIONS</code>. If <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em>
            is not set to one of these values, <code class="function">glXGetClientString</code> returns <code class="constant">NULL</code>.
            The format and contents of the vendor string is implementation dependent.
        </p><p>
            The extensions string is null-terminated and contains a
            space-separated list of  extension names. (The extension names never
            contain spaces.)
            If there are no extensions to GLX, then the empty string is returned.
        </p><p>
            The version string is laid out as follows:
        </p><p>
            &lt;major_version.minor_version&gt;&lt;space&gt;&lt;vendor-specific info&gt;
        </p><p>
            Both the major and minor portions of the version number are of arbitrary
            length.  The vendor-specific information is optional.  However, if it is
            present, the format and contents are implementation specific.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glXGetClientString</code> is available only if the GLX version is 1.1 or greater.
        </p><p>
            If the GLX version is 1.1 or 1.0, the GL version must be 1.0.
            If the GLX version is 1.2, then the GL version must be 1.1.
            If the GLX version is 1.3, then the GL version must be 1.2.
        </p><p>
            <code class="function">glXGetClientString</code> only returns information about GLX extensions supported by the client.
            Call <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetString"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetString</span></span></a> to get a list of GL extensions supported by the server.
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glXQueryVersion"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glXQueryVersion</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glXQueryExtensionsString"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glXQueryExtensionsString</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glXQueryServerString"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glXQueryServerString</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 1991-2006
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
