<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glDrawElements"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glDrawElements — render primitives from array data</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glDrawElements</b>(</code></td><td>GLenum  </td><td><var class="pdparam">mode</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei  </td><td><var class="pdparam">count</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum  </td><td><var class="pdparam">type</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLvoid *  </td><td><var class="pdparam">indices</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>mode</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies what kind of primitives to render.
                    Symbolic constants
                    <code class="constant">GL_POINTS</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_LINE_STRIP</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_LINE_LOOP</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_LINES</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_LINE_STRIP_ADJACENCY</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_LINES_ADJACENCY</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLE_FAN</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLES</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP_ADJACENCY</code> and
                    <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLES_ADJACENCY</code>
                    are accepted.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the number of elements to be rendered.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the type of the values in <em class="parameter"><code>indices</code></em>. Must be one of
                    <code class="constant">GL_UNSIGNED_BYTE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_UNSIGNED_SHORT</code>, or
                    <code class="constant">GL_UNSIGNED_INT</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>indices</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies an offset of the first index in the array in the data store of the buffer currently bound to 
                    the GL_ELEMENT_ARRAY_BUFFER target. 
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glDrawElements</code> specifies multiple geometric primitives
            with very few subroutine calls. Instead of calling a GL function
            to pass each individual vertex, normal, texture coordinate, edge
            flag, or color, you can prespecify
            separate arrays of vertices, normals, and so on, and use them to
            construct a sequence of primitives with a single
            call to <code class="function">glDrawElements</code>.
        </p><p>
            When <code class="function">glDrawElements</code> is called, it uses <em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em> sequential elements from an
            enabled array, starting at <em class="parameter"><code>indices</code></em> to construct a sequence of
            geometric primitives. <em class="parameter"><code>mode</code></em> specifies what kind of primitives are
            constructed and how the array elements construct these primitives. If
            more than one array is enabled, each is used.
        </p><p>
            Vertex attributes that are modified by <code class="function">glDrawElements</code> have an
            unspecified value after <code class="function">glDrawElements</code> returns.  Attributes that aren't
            modified maintain their previous values.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_LINE_STRIP_ADJACENCY</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_LINES_ADJACENCY</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLE_STRIP_ADJACENCY</code> and
            <code class="constant">GL_TRIANGLES_ADJACENCY</code>
            are available only if the GL version is 3.2 or greater.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>mode</code></em> is not an accepted value.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>count</code></em> is negative.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if a geometry shader is active and <em class="parameter"><code>mode</code></em>
            is incompatible with the input primitive type of the geometry shader in the currently installed program object.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if a non-zero buffer object name is bound to an
            enabled array or the element array and the buffer object's data store is currently mapped.
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a href="glDrawArrays"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawArrays</span></span></a>,
            <a href="glDrawElementsInstanced"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsInstanced</span></span></a>,
            <a href="glDrawElementsBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsBaseVertex</span></span></a>,
            <a href="glDrawRangeElements"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawRangeElements</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 1991-2006
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
