<div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glGetShaderSource"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetShaderSource — Returns the source code string from a shader object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glGetShaderSource</b>(</code></td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">shader</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei  </td><td><var class="pdparam">bufSize</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei * </td><td><var class="pdparam">length</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLchar * </td><td><var class="pdparam">source</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the shader object to be
            queried.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the size of the character buffer for
            storing the returned source code string.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Returns the length of the string returned in
            <em class="parameter"><code>source</code></em> (excluding the null
            terminator).</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>source</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies an array of characters that is used
            to return the source code string.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetShaderSource</code> returns the
    concatenation of the source code strings from the shader object
    specified by <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em>. The source code
    strings for a shader object are the result of a previous call to
    <a href="glShaderSource"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glShaderSource</span></span></a>.
    The string returned by the function will be null
    terminated.</p><p><code class="function">glGetShaderSource</code> returns in
    <em class="parameter"><code>source</code></em> as much of the source code string
    as it can, up to a maximum of <em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em>
    characters. The number of characters actually returned,
    excluding the null termination character, is specified by
    <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em>. If the length of the returned
    string is not required, a value of <code class="constant">NULL</code> can
    be passed in the <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em> argument. The
    size of the buffer required to store the returned source code
    string can be obtained by calling
    <a href="glGetShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShader</span></span></a>
    with the value
    <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_SOURCE_LENGTH</code>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
    <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a value generated by
    OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
    <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a shader object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
    <em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em> is less than 0.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a href="glGetShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShader</span></span></a>
    with argument
    <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_SOURCE_LENGTH</code></p><p><a href="glIsShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsShader</span></span></a></p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a href="glCreateShader"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCreateShader</span></span></a>,
    <a href="glShaderSource"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glShaderSource</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
