<div class="refentry"><a id="glPrimitiveRestartIndex"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glPrimitiveRestartIndex — specify the primitive restart index</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glPrimitiveRestartIndex</strong>(</code></td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">index</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>index</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the value to be interpreted as the primitive restart index.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glPrimitiveRestartIndex</code> specifies a vertex array element that is treated specially when
            primitive restarting is enabled. This is known as the primitive restart index.
        </p><p>
            When one of the <code class="function">Draw*</code> commands transfers a set of generic attribute array elements to
            the GL, if the index within the vertex arrays corresponding to that set is equal to the primitive restart
            index, then the GL does not process those elements as a vertex. Instead, it is as if the drawing command
            ended with the immediately preceding transfer, and another drawing command is immediately started with
            the same parameters, but only transferring the immediately following element through the end of the
            originally specified elements.
        </p><p>
            When either <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElementsBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsBaseVertex</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElementsInstancedBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsInstancedBaseVertex</span></span></a> or
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glMultiDrawElementsBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glMultiDrawElementsBaseVertex</span></span></a> is used, the primitive restart
            comparison occurs before the basevertex offset is added to the array index.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glPrimitiveRestartIndex</code> is available only if the GL version is 3.1 or greater.
        </p></div>
        {$pipelinestall}{$examples}
        <div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawArrays"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawArrays</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElements"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElements</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElementsBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsBaseVertex</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElementsInstancedBaseVertex"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElementsInstancedBaseVertex</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><div id="Copyright"><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2010 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="https://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">https://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></div>
