<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>glGetInternalformat - OpenGL 4 Reference Pages</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="opengl-man.css"/>
    <meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.78.1"/>
    <script type="text/x-mathjax-config">
            MathJax.Hub.Config({
                MathML: {
                    extensions: ["content-mathml.js"]
                },
                tex2jax: {
                    inlineMath: [['$','$'], ['\\(','\\)']]
                }
            });
        </script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="https://c328740.ssl.cf1.rackcdn.com/mathjax/latest/MathJax.js?config=TeX-AMS-MML_HTMLorMML"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <header/>
    <div class="refentry" id="glGetInternalformat">
      <div class="titlepage"/>
      <div class="refnamediv">
        <h2>Name</h2>
        <p>glGetInternalformat — retrieve information about implementation-dependent support for internal formats</p>
      </div>
      <div class="refsynopsisdiv">
        <h2>C Specification</h2>
        <div class="funcsynopsis">
          <table style="border: 0; cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;" class="funcprototype-table">
            <tr>
              <td>
                <code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glGetInternalformativ</strong>(</code>
              </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">internalformat</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">bufSize</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLint *<var class="pdparam">params</var><code>)</code>;</td>
            </tr>
          </table>
          <div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div>
          <table style="border: 0; cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;" class="funcprototype-table">
            <tr>
              <td>
                <code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glGetInternalformati64v</strong>(</code>
              </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">internalformat</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">bufSize</var>, </td>
            </tr>
            <tr>
              <td> </td>
              <td>GLint64 *<var class="pdparam">params</var><code>)</code>;</td>
            </tr>
          </table>
          <div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="parameters">
        <h2>Parameters</h2>
        <div class="variablelist">
          <dl class="variablelist">
            <dt>
              <span class="term">
                <em class="parameter">
                  <code>target</code>
                </em>
              </span>
            </dt>
            <dd>
              <p>
                    Indicates the usage of the internal format. <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> must be <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_1D</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_1D_ARRAY</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_ARRAY</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_3D</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_ARRAY</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_RECTANGLE</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_BUFFER</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE_ARRAY</code>.
                </p>
            </dd>
            <dt>
              <span class="term">
                <em class="parameter">
                  <code>internalformat</code>
                </em>
              </span>
            </dt>
            <dd>
              <p>
                    Specifies the internal format about which to retrieve information.
                </p>
            </dd>
            <dt>
              <span class="term">
                <em class="parameter">
                  <code>pname</code>
                </em>
              </span>
            </dt>
            <dd>
              <p>
                    Specifies the type of information to query.
                </p>
            </dd>
            <dt>
              <span class="term">
                <em class="parameter">
                  <code>bufSize</code>
                </em>
              </span>
            </dt>
            <dd>
              <p>
                    Specifies the maximum number of basic machine units that may be written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> by the function.
                </p>
            </dd>
            <dt>
              <span class="term">
                <em class="parameter">
                  <code>params</code>
                </em>
              </span>
            </dt>
            <dd>
              <p>
                    Specifies the address of a variable into which to write the retrieved information.
                </p>
            </dd>
          </dl>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="description">
        <h2>Description</h2>
        <p>
            <code class="function">glGetInternalformativ</code> and <code class="function">glGetInternalformati64v</code> retrieve information about implementation-dependent support for
            internal formats. <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> indicates the target with which the internal format will
            be used and must be one of <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE</code>,
            or <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE_ARRAY</code>, corresponding to usage as a renderbuffer, two-dimensional
            multisample texture or two-dimensional multisample array texture, respectively.
        </p>
        <p>
            <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> specifies the internal format about which to retrieve information and
            must be a color-renderable, depth-renderable or stencil-renderable format.
        </p>
        <p>
            The information retrieved will be written to memory addressed by the pointer specified in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. No
            more than <em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em> basic machine units will be written to this memory.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_NUM_SAMPLE_COUNTS</code>, the number of sample counts that would be
            returned by querying <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code> will be returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code>, the sample counts supported for <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em>
            and <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> are written into <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> in descending numeric order. Only positive values are returned.
            Querying <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code> with <em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em> of one will return just the maximum supported number of
            samples for this format. The maximum value in <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code> is guaranteed to be at least the lowest of the following:
            </p>
        <div class="itemizedlist">
          <ul class="itemizedlist" style="list-style-type: disc; ">
            <li class="listitem">
              <p>
                        The value of
                        <code class="constant">GL_MAX_INTEGER_SAMPLES</code> if
                        <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is a signed or
                        unsigned integer format.
                    </p>
            </li>
            <li class="listitem">
              <p>
                        The value of
                        <code class="constant">GL_MAX_DEPTH_TEXTURE_SAMPLES</code> if
                        <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is a depth- or
                        stencil-renderable format and
                        <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is
                        <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE</code>,
                        <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE_ARRAY</code>.
                    </p>
            </li>
            <li class="listitem">
              <p>
                        The value of
                        <code class="constant">GL_MAX_COLOR_TEXTURE_SAMPLES</code> if
                        <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is a
                        color-renderable format and
                        <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is
                        <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE</code> or
                        <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE_ARRAY</code>.
                    </p>
            </li>
            <li class="listitem">
              <p>The value of <code class="constant">GL_MAX_SAMPLES</code>.</p>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </div>
        <p>
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_SUPPORTED</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> if <em class="parameter"><code>internalFormat</code></em>
            is a supported internal format for <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_PREFERRED</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> if <em class="parameter"><code>internalFormat</code></em>
            is an format for <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> that is preferred by the implementation and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_RED_SIZE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_GREEN_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_BLUE_SIZE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_ALPHA_SIZE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_DEPTH_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_STENCIL_SIZE</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_SHARED_SIZE</code> then
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to the actual resolutions that would be used for storing image array components
            for the resource for the red, green, blue, alpha, depth, stencil and shared channels respectively. If <em class="parameter"><code>internalFormat</code></em>
            is a compressed internal format, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to the component resolution of an uncompressed internal format that produces
            an image of roughly the same quality as the compressed algorithm. If the internal format is unsupported, or if a particular component is
            not present in the format, 0 is written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_RED_TYPE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_GREEN_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_BLUE_TYPE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_ALPHA_TYPE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_DEPTH_TYPE</code>,
            or <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_STENCIL_TYPE</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to a token identifying the data type used
            to store the respective component. If the <em class="parameter"><code>internalFormat</code></em> represents a compressed internal format then
            the types returned specify how components are interpreted after decompression.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_MAX_WIDTH</code>, <code class="constant">GL_MAX_HEIGHT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_MAX_DEPTH</code>,
            or <code class="constant">GL_MAX_LAYERS</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is filled with the maximum width, height, depth or layer count
            for textures with internal format <em class="parameter"><code>internalFormat</code></em>, respectively. If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_MAX_COMBINED_DIMENSIONS</code>
            then <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is filled with the maximum combined dimensions of a texture of the specified internal format.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_COMPONENTS</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to the value <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code>
            if the internal format contains any color component (i.e., red, green, blue or alpha) and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise. If
            <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_COMPONENTS</code> or <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_COMPONENTS</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> if the internal format contains a depth or stencil component, respectively, and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code>
            otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_RENDERABLE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_RENDERABLE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_RENDERABLE</code>
            then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> if the specified internal format is color, depth or stencil renderable, respectively,
            and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_RENDERABLE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_RENDERABLE_LAYERED</code>
            then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to one of <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate that framebuffer attachments (layered attachments in the
            case of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_RENDERABLE_LAYERED</code>) with that internal format are either
            renderable with no restrictions, renderable with some restrictions or not renderable at all.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_BLEND</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code>
            to indicate that the internal format is supported for blending operations when attached to a framebuffer, and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to that either full support, limited support or no support at all is supplied
            for reading pixels from framebuffer attachments in the specified internal format.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_FORMAT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_TYPE</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            is filled with the format or type, respectively, most recommended to obtain the highest image quality and performance. For
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_FORMAT</code>, the value returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is a token that is accepted for
            the <em class="parameter"><code>format</code></em> argument to <a class="citerefentry" href="glReadPixels.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glReadPixels</span></span></a>. For
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_TYPE</code>, the value returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is a token that is accepted for
            the <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em> argument to <a class="citerefentry" href="glReadPixels.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glReadPixels</span></span></a>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code> then
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with the implementation-recommended format or type to be used in calls to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span></a> and other similar functions. For <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code>,
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with a token suitable for use as the <em class="parameter"><code>format</code></em> argument to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span></a>. For <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code>,
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with a token suitable for use as the <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em> argument to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTexImage2D</span></span></a>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code> then
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with the implementation-recommended format or type to be used in calls to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetTexImage2D</span></span></a> and other similar functions. For <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code>,
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with a token suitable for use as the <em class="parameter"><code>format</code></em> argument to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetTexImage2D</span></span></a>. For <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code>,
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is filled with a token suitable for use as the <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em> argument to
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGetTexImage2D.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetTexImage2D</span></span></a>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_MIPMAP</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is set to <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code>
            to indicate that the specified internal format supports mipmaps and to <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_GENERATE_MIPMAP</code> or <code class="constant">GL_AUTO_GENERATE_MIPMAP</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            is indicates the level of support for manual or automatic mipmap generation for the specified internal format, respectively. Returned values
            may be one of <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> and <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            either full support, limited support or no support at all.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ENCODING</code> then the color encoding for the resource is returned in
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. Possible values for color buffers are <code class="constant">GL_LINEAR</code> or <code class="constant">GL_SRGB</code>,
            for linear or sRGB-encoded color components, respectively. For non-color
            formats (such as depth or stencil), or for unsupported resources,
            the value <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_READ</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_WRITE</code> then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            indicates the level of support for reading and writing to sRGB encoded images, respectively. For <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_READ</code>,
            support for converting from sRGB colorspace on read operations is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> and for <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_WRITE</code>,
            support for converting to sRGB colorspace on write operations to the resource is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> may be
            set to <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all, respecitively.
        </p>
        <p>
             If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FILTER</code> the <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> is set to either <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code>
             or <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> to indicate support or lack thereof for filter modes other than <code class="constant">GL_NEAREST</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NEAREST_MIPMAP</code>
             for the specified internal format.
         </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_TEXTURE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TESS_CONTROL_TEXTURE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TESS_EVALUATION_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_GEOMETRY_TEXTURE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_FRAGMENT_TEXTURE</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_COMPUTE_TEXTURE</code>, then the value
            written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> indicates support for use of the resource as a source of texturing in the vertex, tessellation control,
            tessellation evaluation, geometry, fragment and compute shader stages, respectively. <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> may be set to
            <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate full support,
            limited support or no support at all, respectively.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_SHADOW</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_GATHER</code> or <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_GATHER_SHADOW</code> then the value written to
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> indicates the level of support for using the resource with a shadow sampler, in gather operations or as a shadow sampler in gather operations, respectively. Returned values
            may be <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate full support,
            limited support or no support at all, respectively.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_LOAD</code>, <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_STORE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_ATOMIC</code>
            then the value returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> indicates the level of support for image loads, stores and atomics for resources of the specified internal
            format. Returned values
            may be <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate full support,
            limited support or no support at all, respectively.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_TEXEL_SIZE</code> then the size of a texel when the resource when used as
            an image texture is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. If the resource is not supported for image
            textures zero is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_COMPATIBILITY_CLASS</code> then the compatibility class of the resource when
            used as an image texture is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. The possible values
            returned are <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_4_X_32</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_2_X_32</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_1_X_32</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_4_X_16</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_2_X_16</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_1_X_16</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_4_X_8</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_2_X_8</code>, <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_1_X_8</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_11_11_10</code>, and <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_CLASS_10_10_10_2</code>, which correspond to
            the 4x32, 2x32, 1x32, 4x16, 2x16, 1x16, 4x8, 2x8, 1x8, the class
            (a) 11/11/10 packed floating-point format, and the class (b)
            10/10/10/2 packed formats, respectively.
            If the resource is not supported for image textures, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_PIXEL_FORMAT</code> or <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_PIXEL_TYPE</code> then
            the pixel format or type of the resource when used as an image texture is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>, respectively.
            In either case, the resource is not supported for image textures <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_FORMAT_COMPATIBILITY_TYPE</code>, the matching criteria use for the
            resource when used as an image textures is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. Possible values returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> are
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_FORMAT_COMPATIBILITY_BY_SIZE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_FORMAT_COMPATIBILITY_BY_CLASS</code>.
            If the resource is not supported for image textures, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_DEPTH_TEST</code> or <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_STENCIL_TEST</code>,
            support for using the resource both as a source for texture sampling while it is bound as a buffer for depth or stencil test, respectively, is written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>.
            Possible values returned are <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all. If the resource or operation is not supported, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_DEPTH_WRITE</code> or <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_STENCIL_WRITE</code>,
            support for using the resource both as a source for texture sampling while performing depth or stencil writes to the resources, respectively, is written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>.
            Possible values returned are <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all. If the resource or operation is not supported, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED</code> then <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            if <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is a compressed internal format. <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code> is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
            otherwise.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_WIDTH</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_HEIGHT</code> or
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_SIZE</code> then the width, height or total size, respectively of a block (in basic machine units) is returned in
            <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. If the internal format is not compressed, or the resource is not supported, 0 is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_CLEAR_BUFFER</code>, the level of support for using the resource with <a class="citerefentry" href="glClearBufferData.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glClearBufferData</span></span></a>
            and <a class="citerefentry" href="glClearBufferSubData.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glClearBufferSubData</span></span></a> is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. Possible values returned are <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all, respectively. If the resource or operation is not supported, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_VIEW</code>, the level of support for using the resource with the <a class="citerefentry" href="glTextureView.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glTextureView</span></span></a>
            command is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. Possible values returned are <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all, respectively. If the resource or operation is not supported, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_COMPATIBILITY_CLASS</code> then the compatibility class of the resource when
            used as a texture view is returned in <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. The possible values
            returned are <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_128_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_96_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_64_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_48_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_32_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_24_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_16_BITS</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_8_BITS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_S3TC_DXT1_RGB</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_S3TC_DXT1_RGBA</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_S3TC_DXT3_RGBA</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_S3TC_DXT5_RGBA</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_RGTC1_RED</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_RGTC2_RG</code>, <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_BPTC_UNORM</code>, and
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_CLASS_BPTC_FLOAT</code>.
        </p>
        <p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_CLEAR_TEXTURE</code> then the presence of support for using the
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glClearTexImage.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glClearTexImage</span></span></a> and <a class="citerefentry" href="glClearTexSubImage.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glClearTexSubImage</span></span></a>
            commands with the resource is written to <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>. Possible values written are  <code class="constant">GL_FULL_SUPPORT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CAVEAT_SUPPORT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> to indicate
            full support, limited support or no support at all, respectively. If the resource or operation is not supported, <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> is returned.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="notes">
        <h2>Notes</h2>
        <p>
            <code class="function">glGetInternalformativ</code> is available only if the
            GL version is 4.2 or higher.
        </p>
        <p>
            The tokens
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_SUPPORTED</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_PREFERRED</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_RED_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_GREEN_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_BLUE_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_ALPHA_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_DEPTH_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_STENCIL_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_SHARED_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_RED_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_GREEN_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_BLUE_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_ALPHA_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_DEPTH_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_INTERNALFORMAT_STENCIL_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_WIDTH</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_HEIGHT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_DEPTH</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_LAYERS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_COMBINED_DIMENSIONS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_COMPONENTS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_COMPONENTS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_COMPONENTS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_RENDERABLE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_RENDERABLE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_RENDERABLE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_RENDERABLE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_RENDERABLE_LAYERED</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_BLEND</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_FORMAT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_PIXELS_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_FORMAT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_GET_TEXTURE_IMAGE_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_MIPMAP</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_GENERATE_MIPMAP</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_AUTO_GENERATE_MIPMAP</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ENCODING</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_READ</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_WRITE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SRGB_DECODE_ARB</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FILTER</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_VERTEX_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TESS_CONTROL_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TESS_EVALUATION_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_GEOMETRY_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAGMENT_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_COMPUTE_TEXTURE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_SHADOW</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_GATHER</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_GATHER_SHADOW</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_LOAD</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_STORE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SHADER_IMAGE_ATOMIC</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_TEXEL_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_COMPATIBILITY_CLASS</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_PIXEL_FORMAT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_PIXEL_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_IMAGE_FORMAT_COMPATIBILITY_TYPE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_DEPTH_TEST</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_STENCIL_TEST</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_DEPTH_WRITE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_SIMULTANEOUS_TEXTURE_AND_STENCIL_WRITE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_WIDTH</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_HEIGHT</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_COMPRESSED_BLOCK_SIZE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_CLEAR_BUFFER</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_VIEW</code>, and
            <code class="constant">GL_VIEW_COMPATIBILITY_CLASS</code> are supported only if the GL
            version is 4.3 or higher.
        </p>
        <p>
            The <code class="constant">GL_CLEAR_TEXTURE</code> token is accepted for <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> only
            if the GL version is 4.4 or higher.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="errors">
        <h2>Errors</h2>
        <p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>bufSize</code></em> is negative.
        </p>
        <p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_SAMPLES</code> or <code class="constant">GL_NUM_SAMPLE_COUNTS</code>.
        </p>
        <p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>internalformat</code></em> is not color-, depth-, or stencil-renderable.
        </p>
        <p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not one of <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE_2D_MULTISAMPLE_ARRAY</code> or <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="versions">
        <h2>Version Support</h2>
        <div class="informaltable">
          <table style="border-collapse: collapse; border-top: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; border-left: 2px solid ; border-right: 2px solid ; ">
            <colgroup>
              <col style="text-align: left; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; " class="firstvers"/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; "/>
              <col style="text-align: center; " class="lastvers"/>
            </colgroup>
            <thead>
              <tr>
                <th style="text-align: left; border-right: 2px solid ; ">
                 
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 2px solid ; " colspan="12">
                <span class="bold"><strong>OpenGL Version</strong></span>
            </th>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <th style="text-align: left; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>Function / Feature Name</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>2.0</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>2.1</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>3.0</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>3.1</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>3.2</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>3.3</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.0</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.1</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.2</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.3</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.4</strong></span>
            </th>
                <th style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                <span class="bold"><strong>4.5</strong></span>
            </th>
              </tr>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <tr>
                <td style="text-align: left; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">
                  <code class="function">glGetInternalformati64v</code>
                </td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-bottom: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
              </tr>
              <tr>
                <td style="text-align: left; border-right: 2px solid ; ">
                  <code class="function">glGetInternalformativ</code>
                </td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">-</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; border-right: 2px solid ; ">✔</td>
                <td style="text-align: center; ">✔</td>
              </tr>
            </tbody>
          </table>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="seealso">
        <h2>See Also</h2>
        <p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGet.xhtml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
        </p>
      </div>
      <div class="refsect1" id="Copyright">
        <h2>Copyright</h2>
        <p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"/>© 2011-2014 Khronos Group.
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="link" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p>
      </div>
    </div>
    <footer/>
  </body>
</html>
