<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="opengl-man.css" /><title>glFramebufferRenderbuffer - OpenGL 3.3 Reference Pages</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.78.1" /></head><body><div class="refentry"><a id="glFramebufferRenderbuffer"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glFramebufferRenderbuffer — attach a renderbuffer as a logical buffer to the currently bound framebuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" class="funcprototype-table" summary="Function synopsis" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">attachment</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">renderbuffertarget</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint <var class="pdparam">renderbuffer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the framebuffer target. <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> must be <code class="constant">GL_DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_READ_FRAMEBUFFER</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>. <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>
                    is equivalent to <code class="constant">GL_DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the attachment point of the framebuffer.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the renderbuffer target and must be <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the name of an existing renderbuffer object of type <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em> to attach.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</code> attaches a renderbuffer as one of the logical buffers of the
            currently bound framebuffer object. <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is the name of the renderbuffer object
            to attach and must be either zero, or the name of an existing renderbuffer object of type <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em>.
            If <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> is not zero and if <code class="function">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</code> is
            successful, then the renderbuffer name <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em> will be used as the logical buffer
            identified by <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> of the framebuffer currently bound to <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
        </p><p>
            The value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> for the specified attachment point is
            set to <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code> and the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>
            is set to <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em>. All other state values of the attachment point specified by
            <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> are set to their default values. No change is made to the state of the renderbuuffer
            object and any previous attachment to the <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> logical buffer of the framebuffer
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is broken.
        </p><p>
            Calling <code class="function">glFramebufferRenderbuffer</code> with the renderbuffer name zero will detach the image, if any,
            identified by <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em>, in the framebuffer currently bound to <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
            All state values of the attachment point specified by attachment in the object bound to target are set to their default values.
        </p><p>
            Setting <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> to the value <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code> is a special
            case causing both the depth and stencil attachments of the framebuffer object to be set to <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffer</code></em>,
            which should have the base internal format <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_STENCIL</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not one of the accepted tokens.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>renderbuffertarget</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if zero is bound to <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenFramebuffers.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glBindFramebuffer.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindFramebuffer</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenRenderbuffers.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenRenderbuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture1D.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture1D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture2D.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture2D</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFramebufferTexture3D.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFramebufferTexture3D</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2010 Khronos Group. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
