<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="opengl-man.css" /><title>glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv - OpenGL 3.3 Reference Pages</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.78.1" /></head><body><div class="refentry"><a id="glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameter"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv — retrieve information about attachments of a bound framebuffer object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" class="funcprototype-table" summary="Function synopsis" style="cellspacing: 0; cellpadding: 0;"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <strong class="fsfunc">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</strong>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">target</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">attachment</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">pname</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLint *<var class="pdparam">params</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl class="variablelist"><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the target of the query operation.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the attachment within <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the parameter of <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> to query.
                </p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the address of a variable receive the value of <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> for <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em>.
                </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</code> returns information about attachments of a bound framebuffer
            object. <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> specifies the framebuffer binding point and must be <code class="constant">GL_DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_READ_FRAMEBUFFER</code> or <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code>. <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER</code> is equivalent
            to <code class="constant">GL_DRAW_FRAMEBUFFER</code>.
        </p><p>
            If the default framebuffer is bound to <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> then <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> must be one of
            <code class="constant">GL_FRONT_LEFT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_FRONT_RIGHT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_BACK_LEFT</code>, or
            <code class="constant">GL_BACK_RIGHT</code>, identifying a color buffer, <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH</code>, identifying the depth buffer,
            or <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL</code>, identifying the stencil buffer.
        </p><p>
            If a framebuffer object is bound, then <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> must be one of <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT<span class="emphasis"><em>i</em></span></code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_ATTACHMENT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>.
            <span class="emphasis"><em>i</em></span> in <code class="constant">GL_COLOR_ATTACHMENT<span class="emphasis"><em>i</em></span></code> must be in the range zero to the value of
            <code class="constant">GL_MAX_COLOR_ATTACHMENTS</code> - 1.
        </p><p>
            If <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code> and different objects are bound
            to the depth and stencil attachment points of <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> the query will fail. If the same object
            is bound to both attachment points, information about that object will be returned.
        </p><p>
            Upon successful return from <code class="function">glGetFramebufferAttachmentParameteriv</code>,  if <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code>, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain one of <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code>,
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_DEFAULT</code>, <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE</code>, or <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>, identifying the type of
            object which contains the attached image.  Other values accepted for <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> depend on the type of object, as described below.
        </p><p>
            If the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code>, no framebuffer is bound to
            <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>. In this case querying <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>
            will return zero, and all other queries will generate an error.
        </p><p>
            If the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is not <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code>, these queries apply to all other
            framebuffer types:
        </p><div class="itemizedlist"><ul class="itemizedlist" style="list-style-type: disc; "><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_RED_SIZE</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_GREEN_SIZE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_BLUE_SIZE</code>,
                    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_ALPHA_SIZE</code>, <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_DEPTH_SIZE</code>,
                    or <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_STENCIL_SIZE</code>, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain the number
                    of bits in the corresponding red, green, blue, alpha, depth, or stencil component of the specified attachment. Zero is returned
                    if the requested component is not present in <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em>.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_COMPONENT_TYPE</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will
                    contain the format of components of the specified attachment, one of <code class="constant">GL_FLOAT</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>GL_INT</code></em>,
                    <em class="parameter"><code>GL_UNSIGNED_INT</code></em>, <em class="parameter"><code>GL_SIGNED_NORMALIZED</code></em>, or <em class="parameter"><code>GL_UNSIGNED_NORMALIZED</code></em>
                    for floating-point, signed integer, unsigned integer, signed normalized fixed-point, or unsigned normalized fixed-point components
                    respectively. Only color buffers may have  integer components.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_COLOR_ENCODING</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>param</code></em> will
                    contain the encoding of components of the specified attachment, one of <code class="constant">GL_LINEAR</code> or <code class="constant">GL_SRGB</code>
                    for linear or sRGB-encoded components, respectively. Only color buffer components may be sRGB-encoded;  such components
                    are treated as described in sections 4.1.7 and 4.1.8.  For the default framebuffer, color encoding is determined by the implementation.
                    For framebuffer objects, components are sRGB-encoded if the internal format of a color attachment is one of the color-renderable SRGB
                    formats.
                </p></li></ul></div><p>
            If the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is <code class="constant">GL_RENDERBUFFER</code>, then:
        </p><div class="itemizedlist"><ul class="itemizedlist" style="list-style-type: disc; "><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain
                    the name of the renderbuffer object which contains the attached image.
                </p></li></ul></div><p>
            If the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is <code class="constant">GL_TEXTURE</code>, then:
        </p><div class="itemizedlist"><ul class="itemizedlist" style="list-style-type: disc; "><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will
                    contain the name of the texture object which contains the attached image.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LEVEL</code>, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em>
                    will contain the mipmap level of the texture object which contains the attached image.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_CUBE_MAP_FACE</code> and the texture object named
                    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code> is a cube map texture, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain the cube map
                    face of the cubemap texture object which contains the attached image.  Otherwise <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain the value
                    zero.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_TEXTURE_LAYER</code> and the texture object named
                    <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code> is a layer of a three-dimensional texture or a one-or two-dimensional
                    array texture, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain the number of the texture layer which contains the attached image.
                    Otherwise <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain the value zero.
                </p></li><li class="listitem"><p>
                    If <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_LAYERED</code>, then <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will
                    contain <code class="constant">GL_TRUE</code> if an entire level of a three-dimesional texture, cube map texture, or one-or two-dimensional
                    array texture is attached. Otherwise, <em class="parameter"><code>params</code></em> will contain <code class="constant">GL_FALSE</code>.
                </p></li></ul></div><p>
            Any combinations of framebuffer type and <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> not described above will generate an error.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em> is not one of the accepted tokens.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is not valid for the value of
            <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> is not the accepted values
            for <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if <em class="parameter"><code>attachment</code></em> is <code class="constant">GL_DEPTH_STENCIL_ATTACHMENT</code>
            and different objects are bound to the depth and stencil attachment points of <em class="parameter"><code>target</code></em>.
        </p><p>
            <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if the value of <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_TYPE</code> is
            <code class="constant">GL_NONE</code> and <em class="parameter"><code>pname</code></em> is not <code class="constant">GL_FRAMEBUFFER_ATTACHMENT_OBJECT_NAME</code>.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glGenFramebuffers.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGenFramebuffers</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glBindFramebuffer.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindFramebuffer</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2010-2013 Khronos Group. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
