<div class="refentry" title="glFlush"><a id="glFlush"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glFlush — force execution of GL commands in finite time</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv" title="C Specification"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glFlush</b>(</code></td><td><code>void)</code>;</td><td> </td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1" title="Description"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>Different GL implementations may buffer commands in
        several different locations, including the GL client, the GL
        server, and the graphics accelerator.
        <code class="function">glFlush</code> empties all of these buffers,
        causing all issued commands to be executed as quickly as they
        are accepted by the actual rendering engine. Though this
        execution may not be completed in any particular time period, it
        does complete in finite time.</p><p>Because any GL program might be on an implementation that
        buffers commands, all programs should call
        <code class="function">glFlush</code> whenever they count on having all
        of their previously issued commands completed. For example, call
        <code class="function">glFlush</code> before waiting for user input that
        depends on the generated image.</p></div><div class="refsect1" title="Notes"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
            <code class="function">glFlush</code>
            can return at any time. It does not wait until the execution of
            all previously issued GL commands is complete.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="See Also"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glFinish"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glFinish</span></span></a>
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="Copyright"><a id="copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2004
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div>
