<div class="refentry" title="glPointSizePointerOES"><a id="glPointSizePointerOES"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glPointSizePointerOES — define an array of point sizes</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv" title="C Specification"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table class="funcprototype-table"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glPointSizePointerOES</b>(</code></td><td>GLenum <var class="pdparam">type</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei <var class="pdparam">stride</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLvoid * <var class="pdparam">pointer</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table><div class="funcprototype-spacer"> </div></div></div><div class="refsect1" title="Parameters"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term">
                    <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em>
                </span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the data type of each point size in the
                    array. Symbolic constant
                    <code class="constant">GL_FIXED</code> is accepted.
                    However, the common profile also accepts the symbolic constant
                    <code class="constant">GL_FLOAT</code>.
                    The initial value is
                    <code class="constant">GL_FIXED</code> for the common lite profile,
                    or <code class="constant">GL_FLOAT</code> for the common profile.
                    </p></dd><dt><span class="term">
                    <em class="parameter"><code>stride</code></em>
                </span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies the byte offset between consecutive
                    point sizes. If <em class="parameter"><code>stride</code></em>
                    is 0, the point sizes are understood to be tightly packed in
                    the array.
                    The initial value is <code class="constant">0</code>.
                    </p></dd><dt><span class="term">
                    <em class="parameter"><code>pointer</code></em>
                </span></dt><dd><p>
                    Specifies a pointer to the point size of the
                    first vertex in the array.
                    The initial value is <code class="constant">0</code>.
                    </p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" title="Description"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>
        <code class="function">glPointSizePointerOES</code>
        specifies the location and data of an array of point sizes
        to use when rendering points.
        <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em> specifies the data type of the coordinates.
        <em class="parameter"><code>stride</code></em>
        specifies the byte stride from one point size to the next, allowing
        vertices and attributes to be packed into a single array or
        stored in separate arrays. (Single-array storage may be more
        efficient on some implementations.)
        </p><p>
        The point sizes supplied in the
        point size arrays will be the sizes used to render
        both points and point sprites.
        </p><p>
        Distance-based attenuation works in conjunction with
        <code class="constant">GL_POINT_SIZE_ARRAY_OES</code>.
        If distance-based attenuation is enabled
        the point size from the point size array will be attenuated as defined by
        <a class="citerefentry" href="glPointParameter"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glPointParameter</span></span></a>,
        to compute the final point size.
        </p><p>
        When a point size array is
        specified,
        <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em>,
        <em class="parameter"><code>stride</code></em>, and
        <em class="parameter"><code>pointer</code></em> are saved as client-side state.
        </p><p>
        If the point size array is enabled, it is used to control
        the sizes used to render points and point sprites.
        To enable and disable the point size array, call
        <a class="citerefentry" href="glEnableClientState"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnableClientState</span></span></a>
        and
        <a class="citerefentry" href="glDisableClientState"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDisableClientState</span></span></a>
        with the argument
        <code class="constant">GL_POINT_SIZE_ARRAY_OES</code>.
        The point size array is initially disabled.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="Notes"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p>
	<code class="function">glPointSizePointerOES</code> is only supported
	if the OpenGL ES version number is 1.1 or greater.
	</p><p>
        If point size array is enabled, the point
        size defined by
        <code class="function">glPointSize</code>
        is ignored.
        </p><p>
        <code class="function">glPointSizePointerOES</code>
        is typically implemented on the client side.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="Errors"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>
        <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_ENUM</code> is generated if
        <em class="parameter"><code>type</code></em> is is not an accepted value.
        </p><p>
        <code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
        <em class="parameter"><code>stride</code></em> is negative.
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="See Also"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p>
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawArrays"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawArrays</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glDrawElements"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDrawElements</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glPointParameter"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glPointParameter</span></span></a>,
            <a class="citerefentry" href="glPointSize"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glPointSize</span></span></a>,
        </p></div><div class="refsect1" title="Copyright"><a id="copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright © 2003-2004
            Silicon Graphics, Inc. This document is licensed under the SGI
            Free Software B License. For details, see
            <a class="ulink" href="https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/" target="_top">https://web.archive.org/web/20171022161616/http://oss.sgi.com/projects/FreeB/</a>.
        </p></div></div>
