<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glAttachShader</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.73.2" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glAttachShader"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glAttachShader — Attaches a shader object to a program object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glAttachShader</b>(</code></td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">program</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">shader</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the program object to which a shader
		    object will be attached.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the shader object that is to be attached.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p>In order to create an executable, there must be a way to
	specify the list of things that will be linked together. Program
	objects provide this mechanism. Shaders that are to be linked
	together in a program object must first be attached to that
	program object. <code class="function">glAttachShader</code> attaches the
	shader object specified by <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> to the
	program object specified by <em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em>. This
	indicates that <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> will be included in
	link operations that will be performed on
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em>.</p><p>All operations that can be performed on a shader object
	are valid whether or not the shader object is attached to a
	program object. It is permissible to attach a shader object to a
	program object before source code has been loaded into the
	shader object or before the shader object has been compiled. It
	is permissible to attach multiple shader objects of the same
	type because each may contain a portion of the complete shader.
	It is also permissible to attach a shader object to more than
	one program object. If a shader object is deleted while it is
	attached to a program object, it will be flagged for deletion,
	and deletion will not occur until
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDetachShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDetachShader</span></span></a>
	is called to detach it from all program objects to which it is
	attached.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glAttachShader</code>
	is available only if the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if either
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> or <em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em>
	is not a value generated by OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> is not a program object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is not a shader object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>shader</code></em> is already attached to
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em>.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<code class="function">glAttachShader</code> is executed between the
	execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBegin.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span></a>
	and the corresponding execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glEnd.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span></a>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetAttachedShaders.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetAttachedShaders</span></span></a>
	with the handle of a valid program object</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsProgram</span></span></a></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsShader</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glCompileShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDetachShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDetachShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glLinkProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glShaderSource.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glShaderSource</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
