<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glCreateProgram</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.73.2" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glCreateProgram"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glCreateProgram — Creates a program object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">GLuint <b class="fsfunc">glCreateProgram</b>(</code></td><td> </td><td><var class="pdparam">void</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glCreateProgram</code> creates an empty
	program object and returns a non-zero value by which it can be
	referenced. A program object is an object to which shader
	objects can be attached. This provides a mechanism to specify
	the shader objects that will be linked to create a program. It
	also provides a means for checking the compatibility of the
	shaders that will be used to create a program (for instance,
	checking the compatibility between a vertex shader and a
	fragment shader). When no longer needed as part of a program
	object, shader objects can be detached.</p><p>One or more executables are created in a program object by
	successfully attaching shader objects to it with
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glAttachShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glAttachShader</span></span></a>,
	successfully compiling the shader objects with
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCompileShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span></a>,
	and successfully linking the program object with
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glLinkProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span></a>.
	These executables are made part of current state when
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glUseProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glUseProgram</span></span></a>
	is called. Program objects can be deleted by calling
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteProgram</span></span></a>.
	The memory associated with the program object will be deleted
	when it is no longer part of current rendering state for any
	context.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glCreateProgram</code> is available only if
	the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p><p>Like display lists and texture objects, the name space for
	program objects may be shared across a set of contexts, as long
	as the server sides of the contexts share the same address
	space. If the name space is shared across contexts, any attached
	objects and the data associated with those attached objects are
	shared as well.</p><p>Applications are responsible for providing the
	synchronization across API calls when objects are accessed from
	different execution threads.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p>This function returns 0 if an error occurs creating the program object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<code class="function">glCreateProgram</code> is executed between the
	execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBegin.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span></a>
	and the corresponding execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glEnd.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span></a>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGet.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGet</span></span></a>
	with the argument <code class="constant">GL_CURRENT_PROGRAM</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetActiveAttrib.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetActiveAttrib</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the index of an active attribute
	variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetActiveUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetActiveUniform</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the index of an active uniform
	variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetAttachedShaders.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetAttachedShaders</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetAttribLocation.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetAttribLocation</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the name of an attribute
	variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgram</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the parameter to be queried</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetProgramInfoLog.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgramInfoLog</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetUniform</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the location of a uniform
	variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetUniformLocation.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetUniformLocation</span></span></a>
	with a valid program object and the name of a uniform
	variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsProgram</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glAttachShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glAttachShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBindAttribLocation.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBindAttribLocation</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glCreateShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCreateShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDeleteProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDeleteProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glDetachShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glDetachShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glLinkProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glUniform</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glUseProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glUseProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glValidateProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glValidateProgram</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
