<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glGetUniformLocation</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.73.2" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glGetUniformLocation"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetUniformLocation — Returns the location of a uniform variable</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">GLint <b class="fsfunc">glGetUniformLocation</b>(</code></td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">program</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>const GLchar * </td><td><var class="pdparam">name</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the program object to be
		    queried.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Points to a null terminated string containing
		    the name of the uniform variable whose location is
		    to be queried.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetUniformLocation </code> returns an
	integer that represents the location of a specific uniform
	variable within a program object. <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em>
	must be a null terminated string that contains no white space.
	<em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em> must be an active uniform variable
	name in <em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> that is not a structure,
	an array of structures, or a subcomponent of a vector or a
	matrix. This function returns -1 if <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em>
	does not correspond to an active uniform variable in
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> or if <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em>
	starts with the reserved prefix "gl_".</p><p>Uniform variables that are structures or arrays of
	structures may be queried by calling
	<code class="function">glGetUniformLocation</code> for each field within
	the structure. The array element operator "[]" and the
	structure field operator "." may be used in
	<em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em> in order to select elements within
	an array or fields within a structure. The result of using these
	operators is not allowed to be another structure, an array of
	structures, or a subcomponent of a vector or a matrix. Except if
	the last part of <em class="parameter"><code>name</code></em> indicates a uniform
	variable array, the location of the first element of an array
	can be retrieved by using the name of the array, or by using the
	name appended by "[0]".</p><p>The actual locations assigned to uniform variables are not
	known until the program object is linked successfully. After
	linking has occurred, the command
	<code class="function">glGetUniformLocation</code> can be used to obtain
	the location of a uniform variable. This location value can then
	be passed to
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glUniform</span></span></a>
	to set the value of the uniform variable or to
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetUniform</span></span></a>
	in order to query the current value of the uniform variable.
	After a program object has been linked successfully, the index
	values for uniform variables remain fixed until the next link
	command occurs. Uniform variable locations and values can only
	be queried after a link if the link was successful.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glGetUniformLocation</code> is available
	only if the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> is not a value generated by
	OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> is not a program object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> has not been successfully
	linked.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<code class="function">glGetUniformLocation</code> is executed between
	the execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBegin.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span></a>
	and the corresponding execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glEnd.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span></a>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetActiveUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetActiveUniform</span></span></a>
	with arguments <em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> and the index of
	an active uniform variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgram</span></span></a>
	with arguments <em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> and
	<code class="constant">GL_ACTIVE_UNIFORMS</code> or
	<code class="constant">GL_ACTIVE_UNIFORM_MAX_LENGTH</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetUniform</span></span></a>
	with arguments <em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> and the name of a
	uniform variable</p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsProgram</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glLinkProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glUniform.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glUniform</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
