<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<!-- saved from url=(0013)about:internet -->
<?xml-stylesheet type="text/xsl" href="mathml.xsl"?><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:pref="http://www.w3.org/2002/Math/preference" pref:renderer="mathplayer-dl"><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" /><title>glGetProgramInfoLog</title><meta name="generator" content="DocBook XSL Stylesheets V1.73.2" /></head><body><div class="refentry" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="glGetProgramInfoLog"></a><div class="titlepage"></div><div class="refnamediv"><h2>Name</h2><p>glGetProgramInfoLog — Returns the information log for a program object</p></div><div class="refsynopsisdiv"><h2>C Specification</h2><div class="funcsynopsis"><table border="0" summary="Function synopsis" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td><code class="funcdef">void <b class="fsfunc">glGetProgramInfoLog</b>(</code></td><td>GLuint  </td><td><var class="pdparam">program</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei  </td><td><var class="pdparam">maxLength</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLsizei * </td><td><var class="pdparam">length</var>, </td></tr><tr><td> </td><td>GLchar * </td><td><var class="pdparam">infoLog</var><code>)</code>;</td></tr></table></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="parameters"></a><h2>Parameters</h2><div class="variablelist"><dl><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the program object whose information
		    log is to be queried.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies the size of the character buffer for
		    storing the returned information log.</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Returns the length of the string returned in
		    <em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em> (excluding the null
		    terminator).</p></dd><dt><span class="term"><em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em></span></dt><dd><p>Specifies an array of characters that is used
		    to return the information log.</p></dd></dl></div></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="description"></a><h2>Description</h2><p><code class="function">glGetProgramInfoLog</code> returns the
	information log for the specified program object. The
	information log for a program object is modified when the
	program object is linked or validated. The string that is
	returned will be null terminated.</p><p><code class="function">glGetProgramInfoLog</code> returns in
	<em class="parameter"><code>infoLog</code></em> as much of the information log as
	it can, up to a maximum of <em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em>
	characters. The number of characters actually returned,
	excluding the null termination character, is specified by
	<em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em>. If the length of the returned
	string is not required, a value of <code class="constant">NULL</code> can
	be passed in the <em class="parameter"><code>length</code></em> argument. The
	size of the buffer required to store the returned information
	log can be obtained by calling
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgram</span></span></a>
	with the value <code class="constant">GL_INFO_LOG_LENGTH</code>. </p><p>The information log for a program object is either an
	empty string, or a string containing information about the last
	link operation, or a string containing information about the
	last validation operation. It may contain diagnostic messages,
	warning messages, and other information. When a program object
	is created, its information log will be a string of length
	0.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="notes"></a><h2>Notes</h2><p><code class="function">glGetProgramInfoLog</code> is available only
	if the GL version is 2.0 or greater.</p><p>The information log for a program object is the OpenGL
	implementer's primary mechanism for conveying information about
	linking and validating. Therefore, the information log can be
	helpful to application developers during the development
	process, even when these operations are successful. Application
	developers should not expect different OpenGL implementations to
	produce identical information logs.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="errors"></a><h2>Errors</h2><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> is not a value generated by
	OpenGL.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>program</code></em> is not a program object.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_VALUE</code> is generated if
	<em class="parameter"><code>maxLength</code></em> is less than 0.</p><p><code class="constant">GL_INVALID_OPERATION</code> is generated if
	<code class="function">glGetProgramInfoLog</code> is executed between the
	execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glBegin.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glBegin</span></span></a>
	and the corresponding execution of
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glEnd.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glEnd</span></span></a>.</p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="associatedgets"></a><h2>Associated Gets</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glGetProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetProgram</span></span></a>
	with argument <code class="constant">GL_INFO_LOG_LENGTH</code></p><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glIsProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glIsProgram</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="seealso"></a><h2>See Also</h2><p><a class="citerefentry" href="glCompileShader.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glCompileShader</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glGetShaderInfoLog.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glGetShaderInfoLog</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glLinkProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glLinkProgram</span></span></a>,
	<a class="citerefentry" href="glValidateProgram.xml"><span class="citerefentry"><span class="refentrytitle">glValidateProgram</span></span></a></p></div><div class="refsect1" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><a id="Copyright"></a><h2>Copyright</h2><p>
            Copyright <span class="trademark"></span>© 2003-2005 3Dlabs Inc. Ltd. 
            This material may be distributed subject to the terms and conditions set forth in 
            the Open Publication License, v 1.0, 8 June 1999.
            <a class="ulink" href="http://opencontent.org/openpub/" target="_top">http://opencontent.org/openpub/</a>.
        </p></div></div></body></html>
